this video from CES 2018 is brought to
you by the symbiote demo car from group
Renault we'll have that linked in the
video description so we're here in the
asus rog suite where they've got a ton
of amazing display technology on display
first up is their 144 hertz 4k HDR
gaming monitor that we actually saw
demoed like a year ago the PG 2 7uq but
the key difference is that they are
actually going to be shipping this thing
really soon so that's a large 27-inch
g-sync display 144 hertz 4k pretty much
can't go wrong unless of course you're
into ultra wide gaming in which case
might be more into the PG 35 VQ so
that's a 34 40 by 1440 35 inch g-sync
200 Hertz display so that is double the
refresh rate of the predator x34 one of
my personal favorite gaming displays
also here is a Seuss's flavor oven
videos BFG TV display what are they
calling it yeah yeah BFG D or big format
gaming display I don't think they have a
model name for it yet but in a nutshell
it's a 65 inch monitor effectively
because it doesn't have a TV tuner but
it does have a lot of features that are
appealing to gamers so it uses a VA
panel with a three thousand to 1
contrast ratio it runs out a hundred and
twenty Hertz 4k resolution with HDR and
it has a built-in Nvidia shield so you
can play Android games you can stream
Netflix Amazon Prime
etc but most importantly they're
boasting ultra-low latency so if you're
a couch gamer that looks like it's going
to be the solution sometime later this
year the most visually interesting one
though is probably this guy now on the
surface this looks pretty boring it's
just like a couple of rubber pieces at
the top and bottom and then it's a strip
of PMMA which is a plastic material
similar to acrylic but what's special
about it
is the Fresnel style lenses that are cut
into it so traditionally the way to
achieve bending of light would be to
have like a big bubble lens but instead
this just has a bunch of slits cut into
it all along kind of similar to the
rings that you see inside of an HTC vive
and what it does is if you put it on top
of the bezels of Zeus's PG 2 v 8 q
gaming monitor it makes them essentially
disappear by stretching the edge of this
screen and the edge of this one creating
a bezel effect now it's not perfect you
do lose a little bit of light so they
are a little bit dimmer but I will say
that if you're into sim racing the
experience is significantly more
immersive they're optimized for a
hundred and thirty degree angles and
they're working on getting it working
with the PG 35 V Q and pricing is
expected to be able they don't know but
they're saying under $100 which like I
would hope so but like that seems pretty
reasonable if you're into surround
gaming so there you go I took apart
their demo anyway this video was brought
to you guys by the symbiote demo car
from group Renault we checked it out
quite recently it's their level 4
autonomous car that I actually got to
drive and I use the term drive with a
serious asterisk on it because we
managed to take it out on the freeway
with my hands completely off the wheel
the seat tilted back and then at its
most extreme with a VR headset on that
was actually simulating what it would be
like if I was in a completely different
environment whatsoever with the car
sensors themselves tied into the VR
headset so you guys are gonna want to
check out that video to see the latest
in autonomous driving innovations we're
gonna have it linked in the video
description so thanks for watching guys
dislike or like check out well I mean
you can't buy any of this stuff yet but
check out subscribe so you don't miss
any of our CES 2018 content